[Music]
[Applause]
thank you for calling brandstar just a
moment hi I'm Mark Alfieri I'm the
founder and CEO of brandstar um I kind
of just hang out in this office and
don't do much because I'm lazy yeah I
did blow it I don't need to pretend that
I didn't so I just kind of you know
visit with people as they come through
here and you know whatever I feel like
you know go out for lunch for a couple
hours come back and just kind of poke
around
my name is Franchesca knim and I am a
production assistant at brand star
Studios I would have never picked this
Frame someone else picked this frame for
me because my initial frame was
destroyed it got destroyed in a
crossfire I like the picture but the
frame it looked like someone smeared
cream cheese on
[Music]
it did I tell you I was in the Great
Barrier Reef and I saw a gry Whitey to
battle a gator hi my name's Dyan only
haana I have an advantage over the
producers here I have this Great
Australian accent I was able to wrestle
it in the water who doesn't love a woman
down under got scared of me as senior
producer here at Brand start they get me
to take a couple of calls I told you
about my friend Sheila she was there to
shrimp on the barbie that's my lunch
every day you can boil it you can broil
it you can barbecue it you can bake it
and you can sauté it there's shrimp
kebabs shrimp Creo shrimp gumbo we don't
eat ruse here there's pan fried deep
fried stir fried there's pineapple
shrimp there's a little lemon shrimp
coconut shrimp pepper shrimp and shrimp
soup shrimp stew shrimp salad shrimp and
potatoes shrimp burger and shrimp
sandwich and that's about
[Music]
it my name is Rick Emerson I'm the it
manager here at brandstar and my team
and I manage all the systems and make
sure everything's working for the
business offices as well is the studio
brand star this Rick speaking
hello
hello my name is Sandra varka and I'm
the business manager for brandstar so
once a participant agrees to appear on
our show we receive a signed contract
which is then printed on our brand new
color printer which is one of the best
printers out
there then I bring it to mark for
Signature he's always very accessible
and always willing to just drop
everything to sign the contract once he
signs the contract I take it back to my
office and I scan it this is the easiest
part of my job scanning the document
uploading it into one of our 400 files
on our G drive and then uploading it
from there into our CRM ibiz which is
the best CRM software out there known to
man on the planet I then go into our
brand new software called workig I enter
the client information so that
production can create a project in
addition to accounting creating a
project which is then invoiced through
one of those projects simple really if
you think about
it for some reason we can't seem to keep
our candy jars full and um I I've
assigned my you my my key candy
investigative person and that's
Aaron you know I'm trying to make sure
that he's finding out to get to the
bottom of this is where where's all the
candy going
[Music]
[Applause]
power
[Music]
[Applause]
I like working here because my co-owners
are some of the best I can't do this
there you go that's it oh gosh that was
that's it you know there's uh shrimp
crib shrimp
crumber
[Music]
action one more
time good thing you didn't break
it shrimp I don't know
[Music]
what that
hurts shrimp shrimp I'm now even
pronouncing it
[Music]
wrong not my frame again